the galaxy as a pet drunk
Since the law is the same as me
for you who wants a super review on
your bike with the guarantee of who's been
league experience 844 69 248 o
facebook work avirrp too
Free advice on everything
concerns cp home so
certain and conscious
hello to you that watches the way
bike of rit tv
This is the climb of the dog over
strong climb to the neighborhoods here in
golden region
today the name I am proud to give to 25
years ago then in honor of those
who suffer in a healthy way
aquino dog the way of work
which now brings with exclusivity the
state of counter clock that happened
last sunday
the crew suffered a lot only with the wind
you do not define what is evidence against
clock
another shop a test where practically
you only run against yourself and you are
against the clock without possibility of
get vacuum that nobody today has something
more than the clock that would have steam
they are talents the event and nothing to the mother
nature called the true fan
there
besides training, the way was to appeal
for lots of technology
look at that special helmet and sookie
aerodynamics you do this
it already had an air resistance that
who is president
closed wheel I'm going to use you today
she 's tapes that already have all that
hold more cotton with ointment in the
nose
that's right this cotton he is
convicted apure properties that have
henrique the cat helps from here all the
professional musicians and even that cream
In the cinemas anesthesia shooter you have
some pain during the competition and
clear backs totally special for
very lightweight time trial
but in addition to all the technology at the time of
pedal only had a way even sitting
think of excellence that was what made
valdemir de souza athlete of miranda
but notice that a cart does not notice the
and goes to the side of the road to
a motorcycle and overcome some standard page in
track
At this time I was fired on foot
already the cow-style ungoverned ambulance
crazy did not see and went straight and got smoke
There is fire from where you have ball in play.
I do not even know what she did.
Are not you staying until the end of the fight?
century arrived to touch the clear sky
that day does not allow him to leave the
side
after some time the rescuer
reveals the reason for the delay in meeting the
accident he was there dropped 210,000
screaming is wrong, do not talk about us
beyond the curve and during service
more curious revelations about the world
cycling in people who have
less healing but definação help
You walk on the ball.
round 4 contains pilla water and is
for a week and always goes
in the hall makes the milan in
accidents to talk about the way it was
going down the wood is waiting for a 20
kilometers the athletes literally
torn the wind that now was lateral now
with speed and
the average 45 kilometers per hour was
strong pedal and exhaustion at the debut
Marcelo says that he was climbing free in the
end of 50 years denied having been the day
was 56 at the end mainly in
time to be the only journalist
covering the event also
Proof as an athlete but with a bicycle
much heavier a mountain bike that
it is not for this type of modality
finished the course with 31 minutes and 58
seconds but there were people who flew with
times of 25 minutes and 10 seconds 24
and 50 seconds and up to 22 minutes and
57 seconds the best time of the race and
How are we in Ouro Matto Grosso do Sul?
south
after so much effort beyond the two
tonic could not miss a refreshing
and after the test
now de tereré
andré who can save
the call
makes people shiver and in the tradition of
the heart
come to taste the bitter sweet that is
It's very hot, Tony Hotel, whoever
for
the heart inside chamamé
It's really hot
friends of biking and information education
with creativity on the tour is the staff
although pedaling
the goal